README.md, before:

[![Workflow Status](https://github.com/virtee/sev/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/virtee/sev/actions?query=workflow%3A%22test%22)
[![Average time to resolve an issue](https://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/virtee/sev.svg)](https://isitmaintained.com/project/virtee/sev "Average time to resolve an issue")
[![Percentage of issues still open](https://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/virtee/sev.svg)](https://isitmaintained.com/project/virtee/sev "Percentage of issues still open")
![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintenance-activly--developed-brightgreen.svg)

# sev

The `sev` crate provides an implementation of [AMD Secure Encrypted
Virtualization (SEV)](https://developer.amd.com/sev/) APIs.

The Linux kernel exposes two technically distinct AMD SEV APIs:

1. An API for managing the SEV platform itself
2. An API for managing SEV-enabled KVM virtual machines

This crate implements both of those APIs and offers them to client
code through a flexible and type-safe high level interface.

### Platform Management

Refer to the [`firmware`] module for more information.

### Guest Management

Refer to the [`launch`] module for more information.

### Remarks

Note that the Linux kernel provides access to these APIs through a set
of `ioctl`s that are meant to be called on device nodes (`/dev/kvm` and
`/dev/sev`, to be specific). As a result, these `ioctl`s form the substrate
of the `sev` crate. Binaries that result from consumers of this crate are
expected to run as a process with the necessary privileges to interact
with the device nodes.

### Using the C API

Projects in C can take advantage of the C API for the SEV [`launch`] ioctls.
To install the C API, users can use `cargo-c` with the features they would
like to produce and install a `pkg-config` file, a static library, a dynamic
library, and a C header:

`cargo cinstall --prefix=/usr --libdir=/usr/lib64`

[`firmware`]: ./src/firmware/
[`launch`]: ./src/launch/

License: Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Verify AttestationReport without OpenSSL
Signed-off-by: Franz-Stefan Preiss <franzstefan@dfinity.org>

README.md, after:

[![Workflow Status](https://github.com/virtee/sev/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/virtee/sev/actions?query=workflow%3A%22test%22)
[![Average time to resolve an issue](https://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/virtee/sev.svg)](https://isitmaintained.com/project/virtee/sev "Average time to resolve an issue")
[![Percentage of issues still open](https://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/virtee/sev.svg)](https://isitmaintained.com/project/virtee/sev "Percentage of issues still open")
![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintenance-activly--developed-brightgreen.svg)

# sev

The `sev` crate provides an implementation of [AMD Secure Encrypted
Virtualization (SEV)](https://developer.amd.com/sev/) APIs.

The Linux kernel exposes two technically distinct AMD SEV APIs:

1. An API for managing the SEV platform itself
2. An API for managing SEV-enabled KVM virtual machines

This crate implements both of those APIs and offers them to client
code through a flexible and type-safe high level interface.

### Platform Management

Refer to the [`firmware`] module for more information.

### Guest Management

Refer to the [`launch`] module for more information.

### Cryptographic Verification

To enable the cryptographic verification of certificate chains and
attestation reports, either the `openssl` or `crypto_nossl` feature
has to be enabled manually. With `openssl`, OpenSSL is used for the
verification. With `crypto_nossl`, OpenSSL is _not_ used for the
verification and instead pure-Rust libraries (e.g., `p384`, `rsa`,
etc.) are used. `openssl` and `crypto_nossl` are mutually exclusive,
and enabling both at the same time leads to a compiler error.

### Remarks

Note that the Linux kernel provides access to these APIs through a set
of `ioctl`s that are meant to be called on device nodes (`/dev/kvm` and
`/dev/sev`, to be specific). As a result, these `ioctl`s form the substrate
of the `sev` crate. Binaries that result from consumers of this crate are
expected to run as a process with the necessary privileges to interact
with the device nodes.

### Using the C API

Projects in C can take advantage of the C API for the SEV [`launch`] ioctls.
To install the C API, users can use `cargo-c` with the features they would
like to produce and install a `pkg-config` file, a static library, a dynamic
library, and a C header:

`cargo cinstall --prefix=/usr --libdir=/usr/lib64`

[`firmware`]: ./src/firmware/
[`launch`]: ./src/launch/

License: Apache-2.0
